---
navigation.title: 'Minutes'
layout: 'default'
title: July Board Meeting
---

# July Board Meeting

Date: 07/12

- Darla (Secretary)
- Peter (Communications)
- Jay (Treasurer)
- Ed (VP)
- Gabriel (Pres)

### Agenda

1. Introduction of New Secretary: Darla was introduced as the new Secretary of the Woodmont Civic Association.
2. Temporary Signs for Neighborhood Entrances:
   - Peter volunteered to investigate the purchase of two new signs before the next meeting.
   - Note: Permission from property owners may be required to install the signs in their yards.
3. Neighborhood Watch:
   - County police emails are now being sent automatically to keep residents informed.
4. Dues:
   - Members can drop off dues at Jay's house or mail them to the PO box.
   - TBD: An option to drop off dues at the Woodmont Pool dropbox may be provided.
5. Website Adjustments:
   - The Register and Dues pages on the website will be combined.
   - The content will be made less wordy.
   - Membership validity will be clarified as contingent upon payment of dues.
6. Public Meeting on Aug 9:
   - During the announcement, it will be stated that the registration form will be introduced at the public meeting.
   - Membership requires payment of annual dues, which will be collected in October.
   - A QR code will be provided at the meeting.
   - The next meeting will be scheduled for 6:30.
   - All projects will be presented in a way that emphasizes their positive impact on home values.
     - Project Proposals: National Night Out, Leaf Removal, Community Dumpster, Dog Park, Entrance Signage & Landscaping
   - The new meeting date will be mentioned at the public meeting.
   - A class will be offered to educate members on accessing materials and digital newsletters.
   - Handouts will be distributed at public meetings


_Question:_ We also discussed the possibility of installing a dropbox at the treasurer's house for dues collection. I would like to investigate if we can use the dropbox at the Woodmont Rec Center instead. Thoughts? 

### TODO Items

- Clean sign @ Woodmont Drive (delegate task to grounds committee)
- Purchase temporary signs before the August public meeting (Peter)
- Print handouts for the public meeting with dues information and news (Peter & Gabriel)
- Update the website with the requested changes and distribute the details for upcoming public meeting (Gabriel) The meeting notes are [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ppq1683HvO204Sq1gv7xYQIJLadDZtboThFzCUJ1QfM/edit?usp=sharing). Feel free to comment or update the notes as needed.
